# Data Management Plan

# Data description
The Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES) provide a publicly available health dataset. The dataset contains various health data, including socioeconomic status, medical examinations, and nutrition. My research interest is defining the relationship between physical activity behavior and the health outcomes of Korean adults. Specifically, the recent research is focused on investigating the relationship between sedentary behavior and metabolic syndrome.
The KNHANES raw data to be used in this study are general health survey and physical activity examination data from 2014 and 2015, which are four SAS files (sas7bdat). The raw data is categorized into three types: Demographic survey, laboratory examination, and physical activity examination.  Demographic survey data includes survey modeling, socioeconomic, and health behavior information, including sex, age, income, occupation, education, smoking, and alcohol consumption. All information is categorically coded in the spreadsheet. The laboratory examination data is collected from the health examination tests. The laboratory examination data contains the following information: anthropometric measures (height, weight, and waist circumferences), blood sample tests (triglyceride, HDL-Cholesterol, Fasting glucose), and blood pressure. All information is coded as a numerical variable in the spreadsheet. The physical activity data, measured by an accelerometer, contains six variables: day, data sequence, hour, minute, count, and step. Each participant had 10,080 data points (7 days x 24 hours x 60 minutes). All information is coded in the spreadsheet.

# Roles and responsibilities
The physical Activity Epidemiology and Assessment Laboratory manager will be the project investigator (PI) in this research, and the researcher will be the Co-investigator (CI). The roles of CI are downloading KNHANES raw dataset, processing KNHANES data, generating metadata, and implementing Data Management Plan. PI and CI will be responsible for data analysis, version control, and sharing and preserving the research data.
The roles that version control, sharing, and preserving the research data will be replaced to the PAEA lab manager when a person in charge is absent.

# Data standards and metadata
Data standards for this research will follow the Data Documentation Initiative’s version 2.5 (DDI 2.5) metadata standards. At first, the metadata will have the research abstract, including the purpose of the research, information on initial data, and major variables to provide a brief overview of the research and data. Secondly, the metadata will have a data collection methodology. Since the research is secondary data analysis, the CI will put the information on downloading method of the KNHANES raw data from the Korea Disease Control and Prevention Agency (KDCA). As a part of data processing, the CI will add the software information to the metadata. For example, the version of R software, R packages, and the command used for data processing and analysis will be recorded in this part. In addition, CI will record the number of observations and category-level statistics. The category level statistics is the summary statistics of demographic variables such as age, sex, income, education level, and health outcomes (metabolic syndrome).   
The raw data from KDCA will be transformed into a spreadsheet format (.csv) and named after the data information. The example names of raw data are like this: 1) Demographic data: KNHANES_Year_Demo.csv; 2) Examination data: KNHANES_Year_Exam.csv; 3) Physical activity data: KNHANES_Year_PAM.csv. The raw data will not be edited after being transformed into spreadsheet format. Also, the metadata will include the overall variable count and variable format. The variable structure will be explained by the type of variables such as list, numeric, character, and date. 
The processed data will be saved using spreadsheet format (.csv). The name of the data will follow the "KN6_data_yymmdd.csv" format. The date part of the file name will be used for version control. Like the metadata for raw data, the metadata for processed data will include the overall variable count and variable format information.

# Storage and security
The raw KNHANES data will be stored on Lab’s external hard disk drive (HDD) and CI’s USB drive. The additional protection strategy for the raw data is unnecessary because KNHANES data is published after processing de-identification. The data used in this research is unrestricted data according to the Oregons State University's definition of sensitive and confidential data. PI and CI will participate in the data analysis. The dataset for the analysis, including spreadsheet and R script, will be stored on PI and CI’s USB drive and Lab’s external HDD.


# Access and data Sharing
KDCA permits anyone who has research purposes to access KNHANES data without restriction. They recommend reporting any creation of research products using KNHAENS data to the KNHANES Webpage. The processed KNHANES data will not be shared with the public but will be available by individual requests. 
The metadata and R scripts, including accelerometer data processing and complex survey sample analysis R codes, will be published in the format of research articles.  Before the publication, the use and distribution of R code requires permission from the content creator. Any commercial and profit-driven activity will be restricted using shared data.

# Archiving and preservation
The KDCA has the authority and responsibility to preserve KNHAENS data. Thus, the initial data preservation strategy will follow KDCA’s data preservation plan, which is not published. The secondary data, including participant data, metadata, and R script, will store in the Physical Activity Epidemiology and Assessment lab’s external data storage. Those data will be kept for at least ten years. After this time, the data can be subject to elimination; however, the elimination of the data will be determined by the rate of reuse, access, and citation. Among all types of data, metadata and R script will be reposited on the CI’s GitHub, and the information will be published in the form of a journal article. 
